chore: update CHANGELOG.md for v0.6.3 (#193)
kosli-dev/terraform-provider-kosli: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.6.3 (April 29, 2026)

BUG FIXES:

* resource/kosli_environment: Fixed race condition where a parallel destroy+create (triggered by a Terraform resource label rename) could cause the post-create read to receive a 404 "has been archived" error. The provider now retries the create PUT and subsequent GET with bounded backoff when a 404 is encountered [GH-121]

NOTES:

> * If you are intentionally renaming a Terraform resource label for a Kosli environment (while keeping the same `name`), the recommended workaround is `terraform state mv` to avoid the parallel destroy+create race. Full race-proof behaviour requires a follow-up API change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you are intentionally renaming a Terraform resource label for a Kosli environment (while keeping the same `name`), the recommended approach is `terraform state mv`.
```
